'\"
.\" Man page for apt-fast.conf
.\"
.\" Copyright: 2012, Dominique Lasserre <lasserre.d@gmail.com>
.\"
.\" You may distribute this file under the terms of the GNU General
.\" Public License as published by the Free Software Foundation; either
.\" version 3 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.
.\"
.TH "APT\-FAST.CONF" "5" "2012-10-11" "apt\-fast 1.8" "apt\-fast Manual"
.SH "NAME"
.LP
apt\-fast.conf \- configuration file for \fBapt\-fast\fR(5)
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
Configuration file is sourced by \fBbash\fR(1) to load configuration items, so
use '#' character to start comments. Each configuration item must directly
followed by '=' character, e.g.: _APTMGR=apt-get
.br
It is not recommended to load or execute custom functions.
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.LP
/etc/apt-fast.conf is the configuration file for \fBapt\-fast\fR(5).
.TP
\fB_APTMGR\fR
Package manager to perform actions with. You may set absolute path to manager.
.br
Default: \fIapt\-get\fR
.TP
\fBDOWNLOADBEFORE\fR
Enable item to suppress \fBapt\-fast\fR(5) confirmation dialog and download
packages directly. 'Enable' means you can set any value to this configuration
item, e.g.: DOWNLOADBEFORE=true
.br
Default: disabled
.TP
\fBMIRRORS\fR
Choose mirror list to speed up downloads from same archive. To select some
mirrors take a look at your distribution's archive mirror lists.
.br
Debian: http://www.debian.org/mirror/list
.br
Ubuntu: https://launchpad.net/ubuntu/+archivemirrors

Include standard mirror in list to associate it with alternative mirrors. List
of different archives is whitespace separated. List of alternative mirrors is
comma separated.
.br
If you use multiple archives make sure to add a whitespace after opening
bracket and before closing bracket.

Examples:
To use some German mirrors and official Debian and Ubuntu archives you can use:
.br
MIRRORS=( 'http://ftp.debian.org/debian,http://ftp2.de.debian.org/debian,http://ftp.de.debian.org/debian,ftp://ftp.uni-kl.de/debian'
.br
          'http://archive.ubuntu.com/ubuntu,http://de.archive.ubuntu.com/ubuntu,http://ftp.halifax.rwth-aachen.de/ubuntu,http://ftp.uni-kl.de/pub/linux/ubuntu,http://mirror.informatik.uni-mannheim.de/pub/linux/distributions/ubuntu/' )
.br
To use French Ubuntu mirrors you can use:
.br
MIRRORS=( 'http://fr.archive.ubuntu.com/ubuntu,http://bouyguestelecom.ubuntu.lafibre.info/ubuntu,http://mirror.ovh.net/ubuntu,http://ubuntu-archive.mirrors.proxad.net/ubuntu' )

.br
Default: disabled
.TP
\fB_MAXNUM\fR
This item is optional but is used in proposed download helper command
(configuration item \fB_DOWNLOADER\fR). You can use it as count of maximum
number of parallel connections to retrieve packages.
.br
Default: 5
.TP
\fBDLLIST\fR
Set location of temporary download list file where APT exports URIs of
downloadable packages.
.br
Default: '/tmp/apt-fast.list'
.TP
\fB_DOWNLOADER\fR
Download helper command how to download package URIs stored in \fBDLLIST\fR
file. This command has to support following input file syntax (\\t is a tab
character):
.br
# Comment
.br
MIRROR1\\tMIRROR2\\tMIRROR3...
.br
 out=FILENAME1
.br
MIRROR1\\tMIRROR2\\tMIRROR3...
.br
 out=FILENAME2
.br
etc.

.br
Default: 'aria2c \-c \-j ${_MAXNUM} \-i ${DLLIST} \-\-connect\-timeout=600 \-\-timeout=600 \-m0'
.TP
\fBDLDIR\fR
Directory where to download packages with download helper to.
.br
Default: '/var/cache/apt/archives/apt-fast'
.TP
\fBAPTCACHE\fR
APT package cache directory. Set it to APT configuration items Dir::Cache and
Dir::Cache::archives, see also \fBapt.conf\fR(5).
.br
Default: '/var/cache/apt/archives'
.TP
\fBcGreen\fR
Set specific terminal color. Automatically disabled when \fBapt\-fast\fR(5) is
not executed in terminal.
.br
Default: '\\e[0;32m]'
.TP
\fBcRed\fR
See \fBcGreen\fR item.
.br
Default: '\\e[0;31m]'
.TP
\fBcBlue\fR
See \fBcGreen\fR item.
.br
Default: '\\e[0;34m]'
.TP
\fBendColor\fR
See \fBcGreen\fR item. This color resets color to default one.
.br
Default: '\\e[0m'
.TP
\fBAPT_FAST_TIMEOUT\fR
Time in seconds before apt-fast download confirmation dialog times out.
.br
Default: 60
.SH "FILES"
.TP
/etc/apt\-fast.conf
Configuration file.
.TP
/tmp/apt-fast.list
Temporary download list file. Configuration item: \fBDLLIST\fR
.TP
/var/cache/apt/archives/apt-file/
Temporary download location where download accelerator retrieves packages
before \fBapt\-fast\fR(8) moves them to package cache. Configuration item:
\fBDLDIR\fR
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.LP
\fBapt-fast\fR(8)
.br
\fBapt\-get\fR(8),
\fBaptitude\fR(8),
\fBaria2c\fR(1),
